docs/Games/README.md, before:

# Games

## Game List (MM/DD/YYYY)
| Game                                    | RSDK Version                 | Release Date  |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------- |
| Retro Sonic                             | [RSDKv1](/RSDKv1/README.md)  | 9/1/2007     |
| Sonic Nexus                             | [RSDKv2](/RSDKv2/README.md)  | 9/3/2008      |
| Sonic CD                                | [RSDKv3](/RSDKv3/README.md)  | 12/14/2011    |
| Sonic 1                                 | [RSDKv4](/RSDKv4/README.md)  | 5/16/2013     |
| Sonic 2                                 | [RSDKv4](/RSDKv4/README.md)  | 12/12/2013    |
| Sonic Mania                             | [RSDKv5](/RSDKv5/README.md)  | 8/15/2017     |
| [Sonic Origins](SonicOrigins/README.md) | [RSDKv5U](/RSDKv5/README.md) | 6/23/2022     |

TODO: Is Retro Sonic's release dates accurate? I just pulled them from the dates of the files in the downloads

## Unreleased/Cancelled Games
| Game              | RSDK Version                 |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Retro Sonic Nexus | [RSDKv3](/RSDKv3/README.md)  |
| Freedom Planet    | [RSDKv4](/RSDKv4/README.md)  |

TODO: Not sure if RSN was actually v3 or not, I just assume so since the latest blog entry in the archive is from 2011.
Also put any other unreleased games in this list if we know of them, IDK how much we know about that game the Chippit script is from

Commit message:

Retro Sonic date(?) and RSXG

docs/Games/README.md, after:

# Games

## Game List (MM/DD/YYYY)
| Game                                    | RSDK Version                 | Release Date  |
| --------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- | ------------- |
| Retro Sonic                             | [RSDKv1](/RSDKv1/README.md)  | 8/13/2007     |
| Sonic Nexus                             | [RSDKv2](/RSDKv2/README.md)  | 9/3/2008      |
| Sonic CD                                | [RSDKv3](/RSDKv3/README.md)  | 12/14/2011    |
| Sonic 1                                 | [RSDKv4](/RSDKv4/README.md)  | 5/16/2013     |
| Sonic 2                                 | [RSDKv4](/RSDKv4/README.md)  | 12/12/2013    |
| Sonic Mania                             | [RSDKv5](/RSDKv5/README.md)  | 8/15/2017     |
| [Sonic Origins](SonicOrigins/README.md) | [RSDKv5U](/RSDKv5/README.md) | 6/23/2022     |

TODO: Is Retro Sonic's release dates accurate? I just pulled them from the dates of the files in the downloads
The files on Taxman's site seem to be earlier, so I'm presuming that was the actual date

## Unreleased/Cancelled Games
| Game              | RSDK Version                 |
| ----------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Retro Sonic XG    | [RSDKv2](/RSDKv2/README.md)  |
| Retro Sonic Nexus | [RSDKv3](/RSDKv3/README.md)  |
| Freedom Planet    | [RSDKv4](/RSDKv4/README.md)  |

TODO: Pretty sure RSXG used something like v2, athpugh it was edited for Nexus [source](https://web.archive.org/web/20080914043128/http://nexus.hrook.net/?page_id=2) (4th paragrah in Gameplay)
Not sure if RSN was actually v3 or not, I just assume so since the latest blog entry in the archive is from 2011.
Also put any other unreleased games in this list if we know of them, IDK how much we know about that game the Chippit script is from
